hey guys welcome back to my youtube
channel and welcome back to blind back
half the hour so today we're gonna be
opening some Palace pets some princess
Palace pets from Disney only this is
series 2 so the series 2 is coming out
and I just find this at Target so if you
guys looking for these pals pet series 2
you can go find my target and the pride
show up at other places as well but I
found them at Target so let's go and get
these open I do have 6 to open so what's
gonna get these open and see what I got
for glam egg happy hour so here is that
the palace pit sewers - love eggs and it
looked a lot like the only other blind
bags only they say series 2 right here
so that's how you know they're serious
ooh
and it says collect them all and I'm
guessing this is all that you can
collect on the back which looks like 10
of them so yeah and I like that it has
their names on here just serious one
have their names like I remember they
probably did anyway let's go ahead he's
open and see what these guys look like
well series trippy and I don't know if
these ones have codes are out as almost
like Cinderella's horse these aren't
really detail these are really actually
cuties
yeah they smell kind of funny they kinda
smell like a pool a little bit but I
think this is Cinderella's horse the
horse's name is right here
her name is Sweetie or a Cinderella yeah
I think it's Cinderella right I would
guess Cinderella or maybe even Snow
White because of the yellow and the red
I don't know I would have to guess
Cinderella though alright let's go
number two and she was in this one let's
see we've got a yellow this one's a
little doggy looks like a lady in the
Tramp dog who would this be maybe Belle
from Beauty and the Beast if I had to
guess anyways this one's name is teacup
yeah I'm gonna guess definitely Belle
because especially since his name is
teacup
teacup the little puppy these are really
cute though you guys can see good detail
good quality good paint job I like them
they're really cute and I'm guessing Val
alright let's see who's in here Oh got
this look at all this one's cute this
one's a little cat and it's probably a
roar wait how her hair
is in braid to the side I thought maybe
pink because of Aurora but she has pink
hair in a yellow tell who is this your
name is I don't even see you on here it
looks like this one but this one's pink
this one's yellow I don't even see this
one on yours they're like different
color variations or something because I
don't even see this one is this one like
special or something I don't know I
don't know what's going on with this one
it's really cute though
alright let's go and open another one
and see how absolute kitchen y'all hopes
we get all different characters oh yeah
okay maybe this one's Cinderella look
there's a little shoe right here this
one's definitely a Cinderella cap and
this one is a little blue cat right here
his name slipper hellos definitely
Cinderella cuz his named slipper or her
name slipper but here's slipper with her
big poofy tail that's funny
here's slipper we move their heads
around I'm really curious to know who
this is right here alright let's gonna
open another one here oh look at this
one looks like a little panda bear I
love how they all have crowns these
crowns come off it looks like temple
holes no a little coffee well okay let's
see this is blossom blossom whose pet
would you be blossom green and purple I
don't know maybe princess tiana maybe I
made you pull the harness no I'm gonna
say presents Tiana what's a little
necklace of it took a little bit east
flower hmm
these are hard alright last one is going
to get it's open and see who's in here
and I got this little guy this little
dog whose name is mater
maybe maybe so this is the first boy one
that I've gotten this one's definitely
Erica Ariel's dog because look you can
tell by it is like he's got this on his
little crown it was looking like a King
Triton's crown so this one's definitely
Ariel look this is little seashell
necklace right here so this one's
definitely Eric Ariel this one's
definitely Cinderella
this one what's his little necklace I
can't tell I'm almost pretty sure that
this is Bell because his name is teacup
this one sweetie sweetie I'm gonna guess
Snow White just because of the yellow
and the red this right here is well
first of all this one right here is I
don't know blossom who would blossom be
something with the who it does with
flowers
I'm gonna guess Princess Tiana and then
this one right here is a mystery because
it looks like just cut right here Rouge
but its colors are completely different
he's got a yellow tail and a pink body
and a gold crown this is completely
different so I don't know do you guys
know what's going on with this one is
there like variation of color is this
like a special one or something and with
that being said I also don't know what
princess this little guy belongs to a
little gal so anyways guys there's the
ones I got for series two right guess I
was gonna wrap up this blind bag happy
hour I think my favorite one was a
little what's his name um
Ariel's all pet matey maybe um I think
he's cute and he has like a little big
crown on but it looks like I don't know
an underwater dog for Ariel I guess is
that their Ariel becomes a princess and
she has legs though because dogs can't
really survive underwater anyways guys
I'm gonna because are looking for those
I did find them at Target but I'm sure
you can find about other places as well
and again if you guys know anything
about this pet right here what's going
on with it is it just a mess up please
let me know I would love to know what's
going on with that one anyways thank you
guys so much for watching hope you guys
enjoyed this batten bag happy hour I
love you guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye